hi my name is Jack peacock I'm a glass
dealer from winston-salem North Carolina
I've been doing this for a very long
time and I've been doing the Scotch Oh
off and on for about 10 years here and
doing the Atlanta show about 20 years
but I sell American glass a lot of it
made no hi oh I have about and again any
given time there's about 30 different
companies represented here the piece
right over here the amber piece that's
the rarest piece of glass of ever owned
that's a mannequin head that was made by
the Cambridge glass company in Cambridge
Ohio yeah and it was sold to a millinery
company in New York for displaying hats
definitely Art Deco beautiful sculpting
was mate was mold blown into a paste
mold probably took two guys about three
hours to make one of those and they made
them for about two months in 1934 so
they're extremely rare it's the only one
I've ever owned fact it's the only one
ever touched I specialize in big
decorative pieces candelabra
candlesticks bowls vases but these were
made from about 18 52 about 1950 so
about a hundred years fan
things you can put on the middle of your
dining room table or upon the madeleine
l looks good
you